Chen Jingtian, what nonsense are you talking about?
The gifts given can still be taken back.
It's the family talk of you playing house as a child
But my father's family came
It makes my head restless all day
I see
He wouldn't let them come back.
Haha Wukong family
We don't want to be chopped down into the Ye family's old house again
Ye Fanxin, what else do you want?
Isn't it just a jade pendant?
What did you do to grandma?
Mom and Dad
Do I care about a jade pendant?
My brother stole my jade pendant without permission
Shouldn't you apologize to me?
You don't say he's wrong.
But keep blaming me
Don't worry.
They are unreasonable, don't argue with them
Don't worry, I'll change the jade pendant back.
change
How to change the owner, don't worry.
I wouldn't be so ignorant of etiquette
I will give a gift of equal value.
Exchange this jade pendant
What Longjing Tian?
You have to exchange something of the same price for this jade pendant.
This jade pendant is worth 8 million
Let's not say if this jade pendant is yours
You have 8 million in your pocket
He just wants to mess up
You'd better find someone to kick him out
Enough Longjing Tian, I'll give you a chance
You're gonna give 8 million gift
I'll give you back this jade pendant.
You can't send it.
From now on, you are not allowed to enter my Ye family, and the door will be paid off
It has nothing to do with you anymore